Feature/supporting translations form io (#305)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major10/10.5.0/valtimo-frontend-libraries.md

  For each Verzoek type under a Verzoek plugin configuration, a mapping can now be optionally configured. This specifies
  which fields should be copied from the Verzoek object to the document, instead of copying the entire object.

* **Form.io translations enabled**

>   Valtimo's form.io components didn't utilize the built-in translation functionality for labels and content. By enabling this feature, translations can now be added to an implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Valtimo's form.io components did not utilize the built-in translation functionality for labels and content. By enabling this feature, translations can now be added to an implementation.
```

Author: I did not get any email notification so totally forgot about this. I update pull request and fixed the merge conflicts
